Thanks for joining today's briefing on our Omega Zero Trust Platform implementation.
We've made significant progress since our initial planning phase.
I'm excited to share some updates with you all today.
Before we dive into the technical details...
Before we dive into the technical details, I wanted to highlight why this project matters.
We're not just implementing infrastructure here.
We're building digital sovereignty for Wellington and our community.
Exactly. That's exactly right.
And the Smart Hub deployment has exceeded our expectations.
The first three locations are now fully operational.
The data sovereignty aspects are particularly impressive.
All processing remains local.
All processing remains completely local.
We're seeing a 52% reduction in data transfer costs.
That's compared to our previous cloud-based approach.
And now for the exciting part – our Pulse orchestration layer.
It's gone live with the AI integration.
We can now process LLMs locally for real-time context.
For real-time context, accountability, and growth.
All without data leaving our network.
This is transformative for our Seven Islands scenario.
Let me demonstrate the resilience testing.
When connectivity between regions is compromised...
Each Smart Hub maintains critical operations independently.
The Council leadership is particularly impressed with this.
Particularly with the circular economy aspects.
By keeping technology investment local, we're creating something special.
A virtuous cycle of community prosperity.
Absolutely. Absolutely.
And with the R&D grant approval looking promising...
We can accelerate phase two of the deployment.
The water infrastructure monitoring integration is particularly meaningful.
Especially given Wellington Water's challenges.
Yes, exactly.
Real-time leak detection alone could save millions annually.
It's sustainability and fiscal responsibility combined.
And our community engagement metrics are exceeding targets.
The transparent operations dashboard has 94% approval.
The University collaboration has been fantastic as well.
The triadic relationship model is proving its value.
Industry, academia, and community supporting each other.
Supporting prosperous, resilient humanity.
Exactly as we envisioned.
Looking ahead, we're planning to scale to twelve additional locations.
By Q4.
The templated deployment is key.
And with the AI capability now operational...
We can start implementing predictive maintenance across all systems.
The governance framework has been updated with zero-trust principles.
At all three layers – truly security by design.
I believe we're creating something truly transformative here.
This isn't just technology implementation.
It's Wellington's talent rising, gluing our city's pieces into something stronger.
Something stronger for generations to come.
Kia mahi tahi tātou – together we build our resilient digital future.
Let's open for questions.